it's now four months into Israel's war
on Hamas and prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu is struggling with sinking
popularity Netanyahu pledged to crush
Hamas after its October 7 terrorist
attack in southern Israel and while most
Israelis support continuing the war an
increasing number of them are taken to
the streets calling for political change
DW's Tanya crer
reports with each passing week protests
are GR gr larger and louder in Israel
people are demonstrating for a hostage
deal and against the
government we are protesting because we
feel this government needs to step down
we are advocating for a new election uh
returning the Mandate so to speak back
to the people after what has gone on
here over the past four months I
personally have three sons fighting in
Gaza um and I think that they expect me
and other people expect expect us to
come forward and say that the entire
political system should be reshuffled uh
even during
war most Israelis support the war in
Gaza but they want a change in political
leadership many criticize prime minister
Benyamin Netanyahu blaming him for
security failures linked with the
October 7th Terror
attacks NYU has always had ated that he
is Mr security for Israel and under
his leadership over the past 15 years
almost straight um Israel's security has
been impeded it's been uh undermined in
a very profound way Martin yaf served
three months as a reservist fighting in
Gaza and on Israel's northern border he
says it's time to heal pre-war domestic
political wounds so he's part of a new
cross-party
movement we want all the political
parties now to sit together to decide
together when is the next election
election going to be because after the
catastrophe of October 7th you can't
just move on as if nothing happened
something dramatic happened the world on
which they were elected at has
completely changed it was murdered on
October
7th the protesters here in Jerusalem
want the government to prioritize the of
hostages still held in Gaza by Hamas and
other militant groups everyone here is
for bringing back the hostages for
striking a deal because there are people
in Israel that don't want to strike a
deal this is the problem so this is this
is the fight but in the end we have to
pay a price because we want to Value
life and not death it's very very
important for the future for what I can
tell my
children but these voices seem